[ITAKURA]
I used to get yelled at a lot
for saying I wanted to be
a paladin when I grew up.
But it's a fine job,
protecting the citizens.
[ADACHI]
Hellshake Yano.
The musician who wrote himself
into the stuff of myth and
legend at the Big Budokan.
Alas, with his musical
career crushed
in the wake of a
mysterious disaster,
and his major record
label contract lost,
Yano faded into obscurity,
with nary a blip on
the public's radar.
So our crack investigative team
took it upon themselves
to track down Yano for an
up-close-and-personal interview.
Ta-da!
An emotional
documentary special:
"Rising Hell,
The Hellshake Arrow."
[ADACHI]
We begin somewhere in Tokyo,
where our team found
the legendary Yano
working in a Ramen shop.
Make sure you shake all the
water out of those noodles.
Yessir!
Shake-a-shake-a-shake!
Shake-a-shake-a-shake...!
You see, Yano had gone
from shaking crowds
to shaking noodles.
Until one day, he had
an unexpected visitor.
So this is where you ran off to.
Manager! How did you
know I was here?
[ADACHI] Huh. A true manager
never reveals his secrets.
But enough about me!
I've got something
that'll change everything!
There's a contest for only
the industry's best musicians.
The Musicione Grand Prix!
If you win this,
you'll be back on top
in two Hellshakes of your Yano!
Not interested.
Excuse me?
I made a choice.
I will never go back to music.
Never again. Never, ever.
[ADACHI]
Oh, Yano. You're a damned fool.
It seemed like that was it.
Till the day of the competition
when Yano apparently
changed his mind.
[ITAKURA] I'm definitely gonna
win this thing! Hell yeah!
[ADACHI]
Rising Hell.
[ADACHI] And now,
a word from our sponsor,
Exciting Sound Shop Apollon.
Exciting!
Sound Shop!
[BOTH]
Apollon! Celebrating 50 years.
Exciting!
Sound Shop!
[BOTH]
Apollon!
An only slightly
unique music shop.
Exciting!
Sound Shop!
[BOTH]
Apollon! In Niigata.
[ADACHI]
Rising Hell.
Musicione Grand Prix!
Each contestant
will have four minutes
to wow the judges
with their music.
The judges will then repeatedly
tap their buttons
to award points,
and the contestant with
the highest score wins!
All right, it's time for
our first contestant
to strut his stuff!
Please welcome to the stage
No-Subject Prince!
[ADACHI grunting]
[ADACHI] Tis I, the No-Subject
Prince. No subjects from me.
True to his name,
he's removed the subject
from his last sentence.
Will this strategy get
him the high score?
He's running out of time!
--[ADACHI] Bow down.
--[ITAKURA] Brilliant!
[ADACHI]
Magnificent lack of subject
with the "understood you"!
No-Subject Prince
gets a perfect score!
Many thanks.
[ITAKURA] One phrase got
him a perfect score?
That guy's good.
But not good enough!
[ADACHI] Our next contestant
is Hellshake Yano!
Walk, walk, walk, walk. Pose!
Just then, Yano realized
a terrifying truth.
Donde esta do-re-mi?
I remember a deer.
A female deer!
Is it here? Here? Here?
Damn! Come on!
Do the thing. You can do it.
You did it before...!
Yano, what's are you doing?
Oh, no.
Don't tell me you've forgotten
how to play the guitar.
We've got no choice
but to throw in the towel!
Rustle, rustle, rustle, rustle.
Flappy, flappy, flappy, flap.
And land!
This is an upset, folks!
It seems Yano's second
has thrown in the towel.
Does this mean Yano is going
to forfeit the competition?
[ITAKURA]
Hell no! I can do this.
Gotta trust my instincts.
I've gotta let my
fingers do the work.
Time to rock and roll!
Shake-a-shake-a-shake!
Hey! You're ramen order's ready!
Wait, no! I'm not making ramen!
I'm making music!
I must purge myself
of my worldly attachments.
[ITAKURA yells]
[ITAKURA] And let the Hell flow
into my heart once again!
Hey, MC! New guitar
on the double!
[ADACHI]
Rolly, rolly, rolly...
That's the legendary
108-stringed guitar!
The Purifying Guitar!
I can purify myself of my
worldly attachments. Hell yeah!
[ADACHI]
Stop!
No one can survive
playing on 108 strings!
Then I'll be the
first! Hey, hey!
[ADACHI]
Don't be a fool!
Too late, dude!
[ITAKURA yells]
[ITAKURA]
Hellshake!
[ADACHI]
Ka-ching.
[BOTH grunt]
Oh, snap! My pick's
been shattered!
My dreams of victory.
My hubris shattered
those as well!
Ugh... Sweet dreams.
[ADACHI]
Flap, flap...
[ITAKURA] A bird? Are you
even real, my tender friend?
Flappy, flappy, flappy... Land.
Wait! Could it be you have
some great wisdom to share?
I'm here to tell you that
you must travel west
to the Guitarist Forest.
The what?
From there you will, uhh...
Will what? Tell me!
Wait, don't go!
You've got 30 seconds on the
clock. You better hurry!
Crap! I don't have
time to mess around!
And so he ran.
Equipped with naught but
a tiny glimmer of hope,
he blazed on, headlong,
down that perilous path.
[ITAKURA]
Twenty-eight Seconds left!
Twenty-six seconds left!
Twenty-four seconds left!
And then,
deep within the forest,
his long journey came
to an end at last!
[ITAKURA]
Hey! I found something!
Zoom...
[ITAKURA] Holy cow! It's the
indestructible pick of legend!
The Master Pick!
Please, Master Pick.
Lend me a bit of your
transcendent strength!
Come on, Yano, you got this!
Wait, somethin's wrong.
It won't budge.
I've never been pushed
this far before.
This is gonna take
everything I have.
I'll even sacrifice my health
to free the Master Pick.
All I've got to do is shake!
[ITAKURA grunting]
Wow, amazing!
He's shaking his own health and
converting it into raw power!
Is there nothing
you cannot shake?
Hellshake Yano!
[BOTH] Hellshake! Hellshake!
Hellshake! Hellshake!
And on that final pull,
the Master Pick was free!
Let's fly!
The overwhelming energy from the
Master Pick flowed into Yano,
fusing them together,
and flying them back to
the Musicione Grand Prix!
What's this?
A big, giant pick just
fell down from the sky!
I have returned.
And it's not over yet.
For I have become
the Hellshake Arrow!
Ten seconds remaining!
Will he make it in time?
[ITAKURA grunting]
[ITAKURA]
Let's rock!
[ITAKURA grunting]
[BOTH]
Hellshake!
[BOTH grunting]
He cut through all 108 strings!
The winner is Hellshake Yano!
[BOTH]
Hellshake! Hellshake! Hellshake!
Hey! You listening?
[ADACHI]
Oh, sorry.
I was just thinkin'
'bout Hellshake Yano.
[STAFF A] How long did it take
you to make this episode?
[ITAKURA]
Psh, I have no idea.
The two actors in the segment,
Shunuske Itakura and
Tohru Adachi, did it.
I'm just a dub VA. Right?
Wai, getting a note saying
that Adachi did everything
and Itakura just came in
for the acting bits.
Huh, that's interesting.
Wonder what they're
saying in the Japanese.
Hey, Ian, you have any idea
what they might be saying?
[ADACHI]
If I were to hazard a guess,
it's probably how long it took
to make the segment or--
[ADACHI]
I used to get yelled at a lot
for saying I wanted to be
a paladin when I grew up.
But it's a fine job,
protecting the citizens.
[ITAKURA]
Hellshake Yano.
The musician who wrote himself
into the stuff of myth and
legend at the Big Budokan.
Alas, with his musical
career crushed
in the wake of
a mysterious disaster,
and his major record
label contract lost,
Yano faded into obscurity,
with nary a blip on
the public's radar.
So our crack investigative
team took it upon themselves
to track down Yano for an
up-close-and-personal interview.
Dun-dun!
An emotional
documentary special:
"Rising Hell,
The Hellshake Arrow."
[ITAKURA]
We begin somewhere in Tokyo,
where our team found
the legendary Yano
working in a Ramen shop.
Make sure you shake all the
water out of those noodles.
Yessir!
Shake-a-shake-a-shake!
Shake-a-shake-a-shake...!
You see, Yano had gone
from shaking crowds
to shaking noodles.
Until one day he had
an unexpected visitor.
So this is where
you ran off to.
Manager! How did you
know I was here?
[ITAKURA] Huh! A true manager
never reveals his secrets.
But enough about me!
I've got somethin' that'll
change everything!
There's a contest for only
the industry's best musicians.
The Musicione Grand Prix!
If you win this,
you'll be back on top
in two Hellshakes of your Yano!
Not interested.
Excuse me?
I made a choice.
I'll never go back to music.
Never again. Never, ever.
[ITAKURA]
Oh, Yano. You're a damned fool.
It seemed like that was it.
Until the day of the competition
when Yano apparently
changed his mind.
[ADACHI] I'm definitely gonna
win this thing! Hell yeah!
[ITAKURA]
Rising Hell.
[ITAKURA] And now,
a word from our sponsor,
Exciting Sound Shop Apollon.
Exciting!
Sound Shop!
[BOTH]
Apollon! Celebrating 50 years.
Exciting!
Sound Shop!
[BOTH]
Apollon!
An only slightly
unique music shop.
Exciting!
Sound Shop!
[BOTH]
Apollon! Located in Niigata.
[ITAKURA]
Rising Hell.
Musicione Grand Prix!
Each contestant will
have four minutes
to wow the judges
with their music.
The judges will then repeatedly
tap their buttons
to award points,
and the contestant with
the highest score wins!
All right, it's time for
our first contestant
to strut his stuff!
All right!
Please welcome to the stage
No-Subject Prince!
[ITAKURA] Tis I, the No-Subject
Prince. No subjects from me.
True to his name,
he's removed the subject
from his last sentence.
Will this strategy get
him the high score?
He's running out of time!
Bow down.
[CONTESTANTS]
Brilliant!
[ITAKURA]
Magnificent lack of subject
with the "understood you"!
No-Subject Prince
gets a perfect score!
Many thanks.
One phrase got him
a perfect score?
That guy's good.
But not good enough!
Our next contestant
is Hellshake Yano!
[ITAKURA grunting]
St-St-St-St-Stop.
It was at that moment
when Hellshake Yano learned
a terrifying truth.
[ADACHI]
Donde esta el do-re-mi?
I remember a deer.
A female deer!
Is it here? Here? Here?
Damn! Come on! Do the thing!
Yano, what're ya doin'?
Oh, no.
Don't tell me you've forgotten
how to play the guitar.
We've got no choice
but to throw in the towel!
[ITAKURA grunting]
This is an upset, folks!
It seems Yano's second
has thrown in the towel.
Does this mean Yano is going
to forfeit the competition?
[ADACHI]
Hell no! I can do this.
Gotta trust my instincts.
Let my fingers do the work.
Time to rock and roll!
Shake-a-shake-a-shake!
Hey! Your ramen order's ready!
Wait, no! I'm not making ramen!
I'm making music!
I must purge myself of
my worldly attachments.
Ah!
And let the Hell flow into
my heart once again!
Hey, MC! New guitar
on the double!
[ITAKURA]
Roll, roll, roll, roll...
That's the legendary
108-stringed guitar!
The Purifying Guitar!
I can use it to purify myself
of my worldly attachments.
[ITAKURA]
No one can survive 108 strings!
Then I'll be the
first! Hey, hey!
[ITAKURA]
Don't be a fool!
[ADACHI]
Too late!
[ADACHI yelling]
[ADACHI]
Hellshake!
Shatter.
Oh, snap! My pick's
been shattered!
My dreams of victory.
Has my hubris shattered
those as well?
Oh. Sweet dreams.
[ITAKURA]
Flap, flap...
[ADACHI] A bird? Are you
even real, my tender friend?
[ITAKURA] Flappy, flappy,
flappy, flappy, flappy, land!
Wait! Could it be you have
some great wisdom to share?
[ITAKURA] I'm here to tell you
that you must travel west
to the Guitarist Forest.
[ADACHI]
The what?
[ITAKURA]
From there you will--
[ADACHI]
What's there? Tell me!
[ITAKURA]
Hoo-hoooot!
[ADACHI]
Will what? Wait, don't go!
[ITAKURA] You've got 30
seconds on the clock.
You better hurry!
Crap! I don't have time
to mess around!
And so he ran.
Equipped with naught but
a tiny glimmer of hope,
he blazed on, headlong,
down that perilous path.
Run, run run, run... Jump!
Twenty-eight seconds left!
Jump! Twenty-six seconds left!
Jump! Twenty-four seconds left!
And then, deep
within the forest,
his long journey came
to an end at last!
[ADACHI]
Hey! I found something!
Zoom...
Holy cow. It's the
indestructible pick of legend.
The Master Pick!
Master Pick, lend me but
a bit of your strength!
So this is the legendary-- Uh!
Wait, it's not coming out!
It won't budge.
[ADACHI yells]
[ADACHI] I've never been
pushed this far before.
It's going to take
everything I have.
I'll even sacrifice my health
to free the Master Pick.
All I've got to do is shake!
[ADACHI grunting]
Amazing!
He's shaking his own health
and converting it
into raw power!
Is there nothing you cannot
shake, Hellshake Yano?!
[BOTH] Hellshake! Hellshake!
Hellshake! Hellshake!
And on that final pull,
the Master Pick was free!
[BOTH]
Rumble, rumble, rumble...
Let's fly!
The overwhelming energy
from the Master Pick
flowed into Yano,
fusing them together,
and flying them back to
the Musicione Grand Prix!
Crash!
What's this?
A big, giant pick just
fell down from the sky!
I have returned.
And it's not over yet.
For I have become
the Hellshake Arrow!
Ten seconds remaining!
Will he make it in time?
[ADACHI yells]
[ADACHI]
Let's rock!
[ADACHI grunting]
[BOTH]
Hellshake!
[BOTH grunting]
He cut through all 108 strings!
The winner is Hellshake Yano!
[CROWD]
Hellshake! Hellshake!
Hellshake! Hellshake! Hellshake!
[BOTH]
Crash!
Hey, are you listening?
[ITAKURA]
Oh, sorry.
I was just thinkin'
'bout Hellshake Yano.
[YAMADERA]
Oh, man, I am wiped.
Seriously, how many
roles did I just--?
Hey, wait, so isn't
the whole bit here
that it's the guys from AC-bu
playin' all the parts?
So what gives?
'Cause y'all made me do
all these roles by myself.
You're treating me like some
kind of dancing circus monkey!
Dance, money, dance!
Heh. Nah, but for real, thanks.